In this tutorial, we will add an additional button to the game over widget, which will reload the map.
In other words, restart our game. Add the UButton class to the game over forward declaration widget.
We create a property for the button.
Let's call our button ResetLevelButton.
And we also need a function that will be called when this button is pressed.
Let's call it OnResetLevel.
Go to the .cpp file. We create the body of the function.
We'll need several header files. One is the button header file, and the other is Kismet / GameplayStatics.
This library contains a helper function that will help
us reload the level. For the button to bind correctly, the Initialize function must be called before this.
But I forgot one thing if we go to UserWidget, the Initialize function.
Then at the very end there is a function called NativeOnInitialized.
It is called if the initialization is successful. It is also virtual, we can override it.
And use it instead of the Initialize function. Let's do it. Go to the game over widget.
We override it in the protected section.
And we just delete the Initialize function.
We do the same in the .cpp file.
We call the parent function.
And we don't need return anymore.
To make everything the same for us, we can do the same in other widgets. Let's do it quickly.
In the PlayerHUD widget.
In the Pause widget.
And we will also correct their header files.
Return to the game over widget. Add a callback function to our new button's OnClicked delegate.
Let's go to the OnResetLevel function. The function we are going to use is able to load levels by name.
Let's create a local variable of type FName, let's name it CurrentLevelName.
Our working map is called TestLevel. We assign a string literal to the given variable. The function is
in the GameplayStatics class. The function is static. It is called OpenLevel. We pass this or GetWorld () as the first parameter.
The second parameter is the name of the level. Leave the remaining parameters as default. We are not interested in them.
This is one way to start the game over. The map will be loaded again, all
objects will be created, all timers will be set. That is, everything is the same that happens at the very first start.
This is the so-called hard reset. There is an alternative way - through the ResetLevel function,
which is in the base game mode class, but this method requires additional work,
because the base implementation calls a special reset function on all actors on the stage.
And we will have to implement it for almost every class of ours. This method is more time consuming, but it allows you
to start a new game without recreating all the objects. You can call it soft reset in quotes.
We will not do that. It is too long. Therefore, we will use the OpenLevel function.
Also, using the GameplayStatics library, you can get the name of the current level. Thus, get rid of the hard code.
The function returns a string of type FString called GetCurrentLevelName.
It also has a world context object parameter - we pass this.
And in order to convert FString to FName, we just need to call the FName constructor with the FString parameter.
Compile the code.
Compilation error, let's see what's wrong.
In the Pause widget class, I forgot to change the return type from NativeOnInitialized.
Run it again.
Let's add a button to the game over widget. We can just copy from the game pause widget so they look the same.
But before that, let's see one more thing.
In the button details panel, in the behaviors category, you can find the property Cursor. Let's set the cursor of the hand type for the button.
Now, when you hover over the button, the cursor will change its icon. Copy completely size box.
Go to the game over class and insert the size box into the vertical box element.
We can also immediately add a spacer
in front of the size box, set the value to y = 40.
Change the text on the button - Reset Level.
And also we need to change the name of the button to Reset Level Button.
Compile. We start the game.
When you hover over the button, the cursor icon changes and when pressed, our map reloads.